Update changelog for v0.11.1 (#295)
JuliaCloud/AWSS3.jl: CHANGELOG.md

## Non-breaking changes

- v0.11.0: The `s3_exists` and `isdir(::S3Path)` calls no longer encounter HTTP 403 (Access Denied) errors when attempting to list resources which requiring an `s3:prefix` to be specified ([#289]).

> - v0.11.1: A new kwarg `returns` argument for `Base.write(fp::S3Path, ...)` determines the output returned on `write`, which can now be the raw `AWS.Response` (`returns=:response`) or the `S3Path` (`returns=:path`); this latter option includes the written object version when versioning is enabled on the bucket ([#293]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- v0.11.1: A new keyword `returns` argument for `Base.write(fp::S3Path, ...)` determines the output returned on `write`, which can now be the raw `AWS.Response` (`returns=:response`) or the `S3Path` (`returns=:path`); this latter option returns an `S3Path` populated with the version ID of the written object when versioning is enabled on the bucket ([#293]).
```
